More UG improvements (#158)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W17-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

## Before Using PennyWise

### What is an Entry

> Think of PennyWise as a budgeting diary that has infinite number of pages. You can write as much data as you want 

Reviewer: Hmm perhaps we can just say personal budgeting assistant as Emily suggested? Infinite pages is not completely true since it is still limited by the amount of storage the user has. Also, our application seems to have already exceeded the capabilities of a budgeting diary, with the graphical display and all.

"
Think of PennyWise as a helpful personal budgeting assistant. Whenever you spend on something or make some money, all you need to do is tell PennyWise and PennyWise will help you log and save it! Not only that, PennyWise will help you analyse your data so you can easily get an overview of your overall expenditure or income.

However, in order to do this, PennyWise needs some data from you! Whenever you log an entry, whether expenditure or income, you need to tell PennyWise the following:
...what data is required...
"
Tried to make the tone a little more friendly too but edit as you see fit!

Author: Have altered it please take a look again!

> Think of PennyWise as a notebook that has infinite number of pages. You can write as much data as you want on your 

Reviewer 2: Haha nice

> Think of PennyWise as a notebook that has infinite number of pages. You can write as much data as you want on your 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Think of PennyWise as a notebook that has infinite number of pages. You can write as much data as you want to track your 
```

I feel that notebook may not be the appropriate analogy tho, are u referring to something like their financial spreadsheet or budgeting diary? I'm not sure how best to analogise it. What about personal budget assistant or something?

Author: Yea actually, that was what I meant but I was not sure how to analogise it as well HAHA, so I went ahead with notebook

Author: let me change it and you can review again.

Reviewer 2: Sure, what do u think too? @sharmaine1028

particular expenditure or income logged into the application. PennyWise defines an expenditure and income as things that
you spend money on, and things that make you money respectively!

An entry is defined by the following items:

* Type: whether it is an expenditure or income
* Description: what is this particular entry about
* Amount: what was the amount associated with this particular entry
* Date: when was this entry logged in PennyWise
* Category: how this entry is classified

### Familiarising yourself with the interface

To familiarise yourself with our user interface, please refer to the following diagram and table to get comfortable with the application.

![UserInterfaceExplanation](images/ug/UserInterfaceExplanation.png)

|                                       `Component`                                        |                                                       `Explanation`                                                        |
|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|

> |     ![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=List%20Display&color=862e9c)     |            where you view your entry lists (Expenditure or Income) <br> - can be modified by the `view` command            |

Reviewer: Nice use of colours
